.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 1/27/2019               \" DATE
.Dt usb-scanner      \" Program name and manual section number
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm usb-scanner
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Custom xboxdrv daemon
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl dhv              \" [-abcd]
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
is a xboxdrv daemon which allows for support for more controllers while also allowing it to run in the background and give the user on-demand usage access to their controller.
.Pp                      \" Inserts a space
A list of flags and their descriptions:
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed
.It Fl d, --daemon                 \"-a flag as a list item
Daemonize the running usb-scanner process and put it in the background
.It Fl h, --help
Print the help dialoge and exit
.It Fl v, --version
Print the version and exit
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.Nm
can also have alternative layout configs loaded by making a "layout.conf" file in a folder named .xboxdrv in the user's home directory. If such a file is made, make sure synatx follows this layout:
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It LEFT_ANALOG=MOUSE
.Ar Use the MOUSE setting to set an analog stick to move the cursor
.It RIGHT_ANALOG=W:A:S:D
.Ar Use W:A:S:D to set an analog stick to WASD
.It A=
.Ar Buttons not used can be left blank
.It B=void
.Ar or set to "void"
.It X=null
.Ar or set to "null", they can also be left off
.It Y=void
.Ar All text except "void" and "null" should be in caps
.It LEFT_STICK_BUTTON=CLICK_MIDDLE
.Ar For Mouse Buttons, "CLICK_" then follow with left, right, or middle
.It RIGHT_STICK_BUTTON=Y
.Ar For keys on the keyboard, just put it in
.It LEFT_TRIGGER=TAB
.Ar Put TAB for Tab
.It RIGHT_TRIGGER=ALT
.Ar ALT for alt
.It LEFT_BUMPER=ESC
.Ar ESC for esc
.It RIGHT_BUMPER=SHIFT
.Ar SHIFT for shift
.It UP=CTRL
.Ar CTRL for Ctrl
.It DOWN=L
.Ar Any extra text will be ignored and spacing is optional
.It LEFT=TAB
.Ar For the D-Pad, put the direction
.It RIGHT=ALT
.Ar Put a = between desired controller key and mapping target
.It BACK=ESC
.Ar put BACK for the Back button
.It START=SHIFT
.Ar START for the Start/Select Button
.It MENU=CTRL
.Ar and MENU for the Menu/Home button
.El
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa /bin/usb-scanner
Main daemon program
.It Pa /lib/usb-scanner/custom_add.list
Partially supported controllers, add your controllers VID:PID here to test support
.It Pa /lib/usb-scanner/supported.list
Known supported contollers by Xboxdrv
.It Pa /lib/usb-scanner/mounted.list
Currently connected controllers. Present to fix a bug.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh BUGS             \" Document known, unremedied bugs
It's too slow and takes up a lot of CPU time. Modern versions of
.Nm
are better about that last part but still take up a little CPU. More noticable on lower-end processors.
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
